GovernmentPublishingOffice 37
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH FederalFunds
(1) MANDATORY PRINTING OF ADDITIONAL COPIES.—Section 3 of Public (d) FUNDMANAGEMENT
Law 91–589 (2 U.S.C. 168b) is amended— (1) The Librarian of Congress shall be responsible for management of the
(A) by striking "There shall be printed" and inserting "(a) There shall be Fund.
printed"; and (2) Investment of fund assets. The provisions of subsections (b), (c), and (d)
(B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: of section 1105 of title 2 shall apply to the Fund subject to the requests and
"(b) Subsection (a) does not apply after completion of the October 2025 term direction of the Librarian of Congress.
of the Supreme Court, and the Librarian of Congress shall provide the (3) In order to carry out the provisions of this section, the Librarian may —
decennial revised editions of the Constitution Annotated and the cumulative (A) disburse funds apporpriated, transferred, or credited to the Fund;
pocket-part supplements prepared under this Joing Resolution exclusively in (B) establish, receive, and use for the purposes of the Fund fees or other
a digital format available at a public website of the Library of Congress.". charges for goods or services provided in fulfilling the Fund's purposes;
(2) PRINTING OF ADDITIONAL COPIES PURSUANT TO CONCURRENT (C) procure temporary and intermittent services of experts and consultants
RESOLUTION.—Section 4 of Public Law 91–589 (2 U.S.C. 168c) is repealed. as are necessary to the extent authorized by section 3109 of title 5;
REAUTHORIZINGTHENATIONALFILMANDSOUNDRECORDINGPRESERVATIONPROGRAMS (D) solicit and receive money and other property donated, bequeathed, or
PERMANENTLY devised, without condition or restriction other than it be used for the purposes
SEC. 8004. LIBRARYOFCONGRESSSOUNDRECORDINGANDFILMPRESERVATION of the Fund, and to use, sell, or otherwise dispose of such property for the
purpose of carrying out its functions;
PROGRAMSREAUTHOIZATION
(a) Reauthorization of National Recording Preservation Program (E) accept and utilize the services of voluntary and noncompensated person-
(1) NATIONALRECORDINGPRESERVATIONBOARD.—Section 133 of the Na- nel and reimburse them for travel expenses, including per diem, as authorized
tional Recording Preservation Act of 2000 (2 U.S.C. 1743) is amended by by section 5703 of title 5;
striking "through fiscal year 2026". (F) enter into contracts, grants, or other arrangemets, or modifications
(2) NATIONALRECORDINGPRESERVATIONFOUNDATION.—Section 152411(a) therof, to carry out the provisions of this chapter, and such contracts or
of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking "through fiscal year 2026" modifications thereof may be entered into without regard to section 6101 of
title 41;
(b) REAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR NATIONAL FILM
(G) apply for, receive and use for the purposes of the Fund grants or other
PRESERVATIONPROGRAM
assistance from Federal sources;
(1) NATIONAL FILM PRESERVATION BOARD.—Section 112 of the National
(H) invest, as specified in subsection (d)(2) of this section, moneys authorized
Film Preservation Act of 1996 (2 U.S.C. 179v) is amended by striking "through
to be received under this section;
fiscal year 2026".
(I) provide administrative, legal, financial management, and other appro-
(2) NATIONALFILMPRESERVATIONFOUNDATION.—Section 151711(a)(1) of
priate services as needed to the Council, and collect from the Fund the full
title 36, United States Code is amended by —
costs of providing such services;
(A) striking at the end of subsection (C) "through 2026"; and
(J) make other necessary expenditures; and
(B) inserting before the period at the end of subsection (C) "and each suc-
(K) prescribe such regulations as necessary to govern the manner in which
ceeding fiscal year."
the Fund's management shall be carried out, including methodologies for de-
ESTABLISHINGALEGISLATIVEBRANCHFINANCIALMANAGEMENTSYSTEMFUND
termining participating agency costs as necessary.
SEC. 8005. LEGISLATIVEBRANCHFINANACIALMANAGEMENTSYSTEMFUND
(e) EXPENDITURES. The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to pay to the
(a) INGENERAL. The Congress supports shared service opportunities among
Library from amounts in the Fund such sums as the Council determines are neces-
the Legislative Branch agencies. The Legislative Branch Financial Management
sary and appropriate to enable the Library to carry out the provisions of this
System increases the efficiency and economy of Legislative Branch agencies by
section.
streaming the acquisition, maintenance, and development of a single system to
(f) AUDITBYGAO. The Fund may be audited by the Governmental Accountab-
support the financial activities of the participating agencies.
ility Office under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the comp-
(b) DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this section:
troller General of the United States.
(1) "Legislative Branch Financial Management System agency, " "LBFMS
(Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2026.)
agency," and "participating agency" means —
(A) the Library of Congress; ✦
(B) the Architect of the Capitol;
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE
(C) the Congressional Budget Office;
(D) the U.S. Capitol Police; Federal Funds
(E) the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights;
(F) the Government Accountability Office; CONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING
(G) the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission; (INCLUDINGTRANSFEROFFUNDS)
(H) the Congressional Office of International Leadership; and
For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of
(I) other agencies as prepared by the Legislative Branch Financial Manage-
congressional information in any format; publishing of Government publications
ment Council that executes an agreement with the Library of Congress for
authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and
shared financial services.
distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without
(2) "Legislative Branch Financial Management Council" (the "Council") in-
charge to the recipient, $80,000,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall not be
cludes the Chief Financial Officer or their designee from each participating
available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for
agency under subsection (b)(1).
individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under
(c) ESTABLISHMENTOFTHEFUND section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation
(1) There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be
shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations
known as the "Legislative Branch Financial Management System Fund" (the
for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding
"Fund"), which shall consist of amounts appropriated, credited, or tranferred
the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the
to it under this section.
funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing
(2) Authorization of appropriations. There are authorized to be appropriated
and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44,
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section.
United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication
(3) Transfer of funds.
after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or
(A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund for acquisition, support, or other
publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes
purposes related to the Legislative Branch Financial Management System
such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided
shall be transferred to the Fund ad shall remain available without fiscal year
further, That unobligated or unexpended balances of expired discretionary funds
limitations.
made available under this heading in this Act for this fiscal year may be transferred
(B) Amounts appropriated to participating agencies to cover proportional
to, and merged with, funds under the heading "Government Publishing Office
shares of staffing, hosting, transactions, and other support for the Legislative
Business Operations Revolving Fund" no later than the end of the fifth fiscal year
Branch Financial Management System may be transferred to the Fund and
after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which
shall remain available without fiscal year limitations.